All right so let's check out some more functionalities of lists that we haven't touched yet and therefore
I need to create a list and I'm going to create a students list that we were using quite a bit already
and it contains Max than Monica and we had Eric in there.
And finally Francisca.
So until that point nothing you.
But then let's say we want to get rid of the last student.
Well we can just do that with the pop function and you have seen the pop function or pop method already
so we can do something like students that pop that will get rid of Francisco in this case.
But at the same time it will return Francisco to this variable called student.
And now let's just print last student and let's print our students a list and you will see Francisca
now is within law student but she's not within the list anymore.
So that's something that we have seen already.
I just wanted to quickly show you that again.
Now there is another thing that we can do is in order to add an element to our list we could use append
as you have seen before but we also can add a list to each other so I could just say.
All right.
Ed Frank or Ed the list containing one element called Frank to do list and knowledge's print students
once again.
And as you can see makes Monica.
Eric Francisco and Frank are within the list now.
Now in order to delete a student we saw how we can use pop in order to get rid of the last element in
the list.
But now what if we want to get rid of a specific element in the list based on its index then we can
use to Dayle key word DTL in order to delete an element and then we just need to write the name of the
list and then index that we want to get rid of let's say one to get rid of index three.
And now it's print students once again as you can see Francisca which was at index three is not in the
list anymore.
So that's how easy it is to get rid of an element.
But then what if you want to get rid of an element based on it's entry based on the name for example
so let's say we want to get rid of Monica.
Well then we can use to remove method.
So students don't remove.
And here we're just going to say Monica.
And now if we print students once again we will see Monica is not on the list anymore so we simply got
rid of Monica with the Remove method.
All right so that was it for now.
And in the next video we are going to look at slicing So practice around with this a little but some
elements add some new elements create an additional list and add the list to another list and so forth.
Just to get a little feeling for that and otherwise see you in the next video.